Update the LoKi lesson (#278)
lhcb/starterkit-lessons: first-analysis-steps/loki-functors.md

  ```

{% endcallout %} 

{% callout "A word on the Run 3" %}

> In the Run 3, we introduce a more performant set of **th**roughput-**or**iented functors, known as [ThOr functors](https://lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/moore/master/selection/thor_functors.html). While they have certain conceptual similarities to the LoKi functors, they are designed to work in a more efficient manner for multi-threaded execution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Run 3, we introduce a more performant set of **th**roughput-**or**iented functors, known as [ThOr functors](https://lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/moore/master/selection/thor_functors.html). While they have certain conceptual similarities to the LoKi functors, they are designed to work in a more efficient manner for multithreaded execution. 
```
